(Kay) * HAVEN'T YOU HEARD?
I'M M-A—J-O-R *
HEY, ARE YOU SURE
YOU HAVE TO LEAVE SO SOON?
I MEAN, WE JUST HAVE SO MUCH
STUFF TO DO BEFORE TOMORROW.
I WISH I COULD.
I'VE GOT THE BABY TONIGHT.
AW. HELL OF A SISTER.
(laughs)
IT'S FINE. I'VE GOT
FOUR KIDS OF MY OWN.
I WON'T EVEN NOTICE.
ALL RIGHT.
I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW.
SOUNDS GOOD.
GET YOU READY
TO CATCH THAT BOUQUET.
YEAH, I DON'T THINK SO.
I THINK SO. (laughs)
OKAY, SO, UM, WHAT ABOUT
THE FLOWERS?
OH... I DON'T KNOW.
I HADN'T THOUGHT ABOUT
THE FLOWERS.
THAT'S OKAY.
WHEN ARE THEY ARRIVING?
UH, I DON'T KNOW.
I MEAN--
I MEAN, IT SHOULD BE
IN THIS BOOK, RIGHT?
UH... I JUST HAVEN'T
HAD TIME TO...
YOU KNOW WHAT?
THINK ABOUT--
WE GOT IT.
BRIDESMAID,
MAID OF HONOR...
YEAH.
THAT'S WHAT
WE'RE HERE FOR.
YEAH.
(laughs) SO DON'T
EVEN WORRY ABOUT IT.
I MEAN, YOU'RE--YOU'RE
HERE TONIGHT, RIGHT?
MM-HMM.
OKAY, GOOD. WHY DON'T YOU
GO UP TO YOUR ROOM?
OKAY.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT
A THING.
I'LL MEET YOU BACK HERE
TOMORROW.
OKAY.
OKAY. ALL RIGHT,
THANK YOU.
(speaking indistinctly)
'NIGHT.
HEY, NOELLE!
IT'S FROELLE IN THE HOUSE,
RIGHT?
(Traci laughs)
HEY!
IT'S GONNA BE GREAT.
MM-HMM.
(under breath) TOTAL
TRAIN WRECK. WE'RE SCREWED.
NO KIDDING.
(sets glass down)
I MEAN, I'M NOT EXACTLY
A DETAILS PERSON,
BUT I CAN EVEN TELL THAT THIS
SHIP IS HEADED FOR THE ROCKS.
SHE HASN'T DONE ANYTHING.
THE PLACE CARDS, THE PLAYLIST,
THE BOUTONNIERES...
OKAY, WELL, HERE'S
THE THING.
NOELLE'S GOT A KID, OKAY?
SHE'S--SHE'S JUST JUGGLING
A LOT OF STUFF RIGHT NOW.
SHE'S DISTRACT ED.
IT'S NORMAL.
WE NEED TO MAKE THIS THING
A THING OF BEAUTY,
ROMANCE, AND--AND JUST
FULL OF POSSIBILITY.
* MAYBE >.IJL|J<SI'£SONE KISS
DON'T FEEL THREATENED.
I BROUGHT MY OWN
CALLIGRAPHY PEN.
* WE COULD GET IT ON
* AND ON AND ON AND ON
AND ON AND ON *
(radio chatter)
* I'M M-A—J-O-R
* SO M-A-J-O-R
(woman) OH, BOY.
(song ends)
OH.
OKAY. I DON'T NEED THIS.
ALREADY GOT ANOTHER DRESS.
I'VE NEVER MET A WOMAN
WHO PACKS LIGHTER THAN ME.
(chuckles) LOOK, I'M GOING
TO MIAMI TO HAVE FUN,
AND I CAN'T HAVE FUN IF I'M
LOADED DOWN WITH STUFF.
I SHOULD GET YOU ONE OF THOSE
VACUUM ATTACHMENTS.
YOU CAN SUCK THE AIR
RIGHT OUT OF THAT THING.
YEAH, I ALREADY HAVE ONE.
DOESN'T HELP.
SO I DO THE ROLL-AND-SQUEEZE.
WORKS... LIKE A CHARM.
(rubs hands)
UH...
YOU DON'T THINK I SHOULD GO,
DO YOU?
OF COURSE I THINK
YOU SHOULD GO.
YOU'VE HAD IT PLANNED
FOR MONTHS.
(sighs) I KNOW.
BUT SKIPPING MY 3055'
WEDDING--
I MEAN, THAT DOESN'T LOOK GOOD.
POLITICS, OPTICS--
6O PEOPLE THERE,
NOBODY'S GONNA NOTICE.
AND YOU ALREADY TOLD FRANK
YOU CAN'T COME.
HE WAS FINE.
YOU THINK I'M BURNT OUT,
DON'T YOU?
(sets cup down)
YOU NEED A RIDE
TO THE AIRPORT?
(laughs) NO. I'M FINE.
I CAN GET A CAB.
MARLO, I'M GIVING YOU
A DAMN RIDE
TO THE DAMN AIRPORT.
(laughing) OKAY.
(hissing)
(turns engine off)
COME ON!
UNBELIEVABLE!
TRACI NASH!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
I'VE GOT NOELLE'S WEDDING
TONIGHT,
AND I'M THE STUPID MAID
OF STUPID HONOR,
AND I'M SUPPOSED TO BE
TAKING THE DAY OFF
TO RUN 5,000 STUPID ERRANDS,
4,000 OF WHICH INVOLVE
A MOVING CAR.
UH-HUH.
SO... NOT THIS CAR.
DO YOU WANT ME TO DRIVE YOU
AROUND TODAY?
(siren whoops)
YES, IT'S FINE.
I'VE BEEN WORKING OVERTIME
FOR A MONTH.
OKAY? I CAN TAKE
A PERSONAL DAY.
COME ON, NASH. WHAT,
YOU GOT A BE'I'I'ER IDEA?
NO.
OKAY THEN.
THANKS FOR COMING OVER
THIS MORNING.
WELL, I'M JUST GLAD
WE COULD CHANGE THAT LIGHT BULB.
YEAH, WELL, I ACTUALLY
DID NEED THAT CHANGED, BUT...
OH, I KNOW. IT WAS HIGH
UP THERE. HARD TO REACH.
NO, I WOULDN'T WANT YOU
GETTING DRESSED IN THE DARK.
YOU MIGHT PUT YOUR UNDERWEAR
ON BACKWARDS.
THAT WOULD BE TERRIBLE.
(chuckles)
I MIGHT HAVE THEM ON
BACKWARDS RIGHT NOW.
(chuckles)
YOU KNOW THE ONLY THING THAT
MIGHT MAKE IT BE'I'I'ER THOUGH?
TEQUILA?
YEAH, AND TELLING FRANK
ABOUT US.
CHLOE.
I'M SERIOUS.
THIS WHOLE SECRECY THING--
I MEAN, IT'S SUPER FUN,
AND IT IS, LIKE, THREE "X"
SEXY,
BUT I JUST--
I SWEAR TO GOD,
I'M GETTING HIVES
FROM LYING--
LIKE--LIKE LYING HIVES.
I'M AN OPEN BOOK, RIGHT?
IT'S, LIKE, MY THING.
I-IT'S KIND OF LIKE
MY BRAND--
YOU KNOW, IF I HAD A BRAND.
I MEAN, I DON'T REALLY
BELIEVE IN BRANDING
WHEN IT COMES TO PEOPLE,
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING.
I JUST DON'T KNOW IF I CAN
KEEP THIS UP MUCH LONGER.
REALLY?
THAT'S FUNNY, 'CAUSE. ..
(whispers) I COULD DO IT
FOREVER.
(radio chatter)
SO...
(officers speaking indistinctly)
SATURDAY IN THE BIG CITY.
WE'VE GOT A B&E ON BERKELEY.
SO I TALKED TO CHRIS
LAST NIGHT.
A COUPLE OF HOMELESS GUYS
ON SEATON.
HE WANTED TO COME
TO THE WEDDING...
THEY'RE DRIVING
EVERYBODY NUTS.
BUT HE'S WORKING CRAZY HOURS...
(woman) HE'S A JERK.
BLAH, BLAH, BLAH, GINGER.
GINGER, GINGER, GINGER,
GINGER, GINGER.
(speaking stops)
OKAY, SO, I KINDA FEEL
LIKE THE GUY
FROM THAT, UH, "FAR SIDE"
COMIC STRIP.
TALKING TO HIS DOG.
I'M STANDING UP HERE.
I JUST KEEP ON YAPPING--BLAH,
BLAH, BLAH, BLAH, BLAH, BLAH.
BUT ALL YOU'RE HEARING
IS GINGER.
YES, THE WEDDING IS AT 6:00.
SO, LAY LOW, TAKE IT EASY.
(clicks pen)
GET HOME BY 4:00. NOW GO GET
YOUR HAIR DONE, ALL RIGHT?
THANK YOU FOR YOUR_A'|'|'ENTION.
(speaking Indlstlnctly
resumes)
SO YOU EXCITED
FOR THE WEDDING?
WHO YOU TAKING?
OH, YEAH? FLYING SOLO...
(alarm chirps)
BOND-STYLE, TAKE NO PRISONERS?
I CAN DIG IT.
I'M NOT GOING.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
YOU'RE NOT GOING?
EXACTLY WHAT I SAID.
YEAH, BUT YOU AND FRANK
ARE TIGHT,
I MEAN, YOU GUYS ARE, LIKE,
ACADEMY-TIGHT.
ZOE'S GONNA BE THERE
WITH HER NEW BOYFRIEND.
(clears throat)
NOELLE AND ZOE ARE FRIENDS.
NOELLE ASKED HER TO GO.
AND I'M TOTALLY COOL WITH THAT.
I'M JUST, UH...
(closes trunk)
I'M NOT UP TO IT.
OLIVER, TRUST ME--
"OLIVER, TRUST ME."
OKAY, MOCK ME ALL YOU WANT.
YOU'RE GOING TO THAT WEDDING.
AND ZOE? OH-HO!
SHE'S GONNA LEARN THE TRUTH.
OH, YEAH?
SO WH-WHAT'S THE TRUTH?
THAT YOU'RE BETTER OFF
WITHOUT HER.
TRUST ME, MY FRIEND,
BY THE END OF THE NIGHT,
SHE'S GONNA BE CRYING
INTO HER SHRIMP COCKTAIL,
HANGING ON
TO YOUR COAT SLEEVES,
BEGGING FOR A SECOND CHANCE
WITH THE OLLIE-MAN.
(horn honks)
NEVER, EVER CALL ME THAT
AGAIN.
YEAH, NO, YOU'RE RIGHT.
I NEVER WILL.
(clears throat)
(door opens)
SO DO YOU KNOW WHAT,
UH, YOU'RE GONNA WEAR?
'CAUSE I'VE ACTUALLY BEEN
THINKING ABOUT IT A LOT.
KINDA WHY I HATE
BIG WEDDINGS.
(engine starts)
IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE
A CELEBRATION OF LOVE
BETWEEN TWO PEOPLE,
BUT REALLY,
EVERYONE'S SO CONCERNED
WITH WHAT THEY'RE WEARING
AND WHO THEY'RE
GOING HOME WITH.
I THINK IT'S THE FAKEST
THING IN THE WORLD.
I'LL TAKE THAT AS A NO.
UH...
(radio chatter)
SO, ARE YOU, YOU KNOW,
GOING WITH ANYBODY?
OH, YOU MEAN, AM I GOING
WITH NICK?
NO. WE BROKE UP.
DON'T ACT LIKE
YOU DIDN'T KNOW THAT.
I WASN'T. I JUST WANTED
TO SAY I'M WORRY.
OH, I KNOW. YOU MUST BE,
LIKE,
TOTALLY BROKEN UP
ABOUT IT, CHLOE.
I MEAN, GEE, GOLLY, GOSH,
WHAT A SHAME, RIGHT?
OKAY... YOU KNOW WHAT?
(Siren walling)
I'M GONNA TAKE THAT BACK,
'CAUSE I THINK THERE IS
SOMETHING FAKER THAN
A BIG WEDDING.
IT'S YOU.
CHLOE PRICE, IT'S YOU.
I GOT IT, GAIL.
YOU'RE FAKER THAN
A BIG WEDDING, CHLOE.
(singing off-key with stereo)
* IT'S NOT THAT I WANT YOU
* NOT TO SAY, BUT IF YOU
ONLY KNEW *
* HOW EASY
* IT WOULD BE
TO SHOW ME HOW YOU FEEL *
* MORE THAN WORDS
* IS ALL YOU HAVE TO DO
(beat-boxmg)
THERE'S A B&E ON BERKELEY
IF YOU WANT TO CHECK IT OUT.
COME ON, I KNOW
YOU LOVE THIS SONG.
YOU USED TO SING IT
ALL THE TIME UNDERCOVER.
IT WAS EXTREMELY IRRITATING.
REMEMBER?
* THAT YOU LOVE ME
MAN, IT IS SATURDAY, OKAY?
WE GET OFF AT 4:00.
WE GO TO A WEDDING.
YOU GET TO DRESS NICE,
DRINK A BARREL OF CHAMPAGNE,
AND FLIRT WITH COMPLETE
STRANGERS.
OH, YOU NEED A WINGMAN.
(singsongy) THIS ONE.
THAT SOUNDS_GREAT.
(normal v0Ice)
YEAH, I GOT YOU.
WE GET TO LISTEN TO MUSIC
LIKE THIS ALL NIGHT
WHILE GAIL STARES DAGGERS
INTO THE WHITES OF MY EYES.
I CAN'T WAIT. REALLY.
IT'S GONNA BE A NIGHT
TO REMEMBER.
(radio static)
(woman) 1504, there's a tour bus
stalled under the underpass
at Adelaide and Eastern
blocking the west lane.
We need to get it moved.
(clicks)
MARK 1504.
(scoffs)
WE'RE ON OUR WAY.
(radIo static)
(sighs)
(engine accelerates)
(radio chatter)
(door closes)
WHAT, IS IT EMPTY?
I DON'T SEE A DRIVER.
(knocks on glass)
WE'RE LOCKED IN!
OKAY, THERE'S A MANUAL
OVERRIDE DOWN AT THE BOTTOM!
YOU JUST PULL IT.
I DON'T SEE ANYTHING!
NO? OKAY.
OKAY.
SIR, CAN YOU PLEASE JUST
STEP BACK?
GOTCHA!
STEP BACK! THANK YOU!
(whooshes)
WHOA, WHOA! EASY, NINJA!
MM.
(whirring, radio chatter
continues)
HMM.
OH, THANK GOD YOU'RE HERE.
THEY TOOK OUR CELL PHONES.
WE COULDN'T CALL 9-1-1.
(people murmurIng)
YOU NEED TO CALL AN AMBULANCE.
TWO PEOPLE HAVE BEEN HURT.
SIR, CAN YOU PLEASE HAVE
A SEAT? THANK YOU.
1504, WE NEED E.M.S.
TO THE UNDERPASS
AT EASTERN AND ADELAIDE.
WE HAVE TWO MEN WITH INJURIES.
BOTH APPEAR TO BE IN THEIR 60$.
'705. ACTUALLY, BILL'S 81.
(radio chatter)
HOW YOU DOING?
YOU ALL RIGHT?
CAN YOU TELL US WHAT HAPPENED?
I MEAN, WHERE DID THE DRIVER GO?
H-HE PULLED OUT A GUN
AND HE PUNCHED BILL IN THE FACE.
I-I TRIED TO STOP HIM.
HE TOOK EVERYTHING WE HAD
AND WENT OUT THE DOOR.
HE RAN OFF ON FOOT.
SIR? ANDY,
HE'S STOPPED BREATHING.
(gasping)
(man) IF YOU COULD JUST STEP
OFF TO THE SIDE HERE...
WATCH YOUR STEP, PLEASE.
I'LL BE RIGHT WITH YOU.
POOR GUY'S IN SHOCK.
WE'LL GET HIM TO THE HOSPITAL.
HE SHOULD BE ALL RIGHT,
THOUGH.
OKAY.
(sirens wailing)
(siren whoops and stops)
(radio chatter)
WHAT HAVE WE GOT?
A TOUR BUS SHOWED UP
AN HOUR AGO AT BEDFORD HOUSE.
IT'S A FANCY RETIREMENT HOME
IN YORKVILLE.
WHERE WERE THEY HEADED?
UH, TO A CASINO
IN NIAGARA FALLS.
SO THE BUS DRIVER STOPPED
IN THE UNDERPASS,
PUT A STOCKING ON HIS FACE,
PULLS OUT A GUN,
AND DEMANDED ALL THEIR CASH,
JEWELRY, CELL PHONES.
PUT EVERYTHING IN A KNAPSACK
AND TOOK OFF ON FOOT.
HE WENT NORTH.
TWO OF THEM TRIED
TO RESIST.
THEY GOT PUNCHED IN THE FACE
FOR THEIR EFFORTS.
I CAN'T DO IT.
I CAN'T PUT THESE FOLKS
IN MY--IN MY SQUAD.
IT'S A TOTAL MESS.
YOU KNOW, WHAT WE REALLY
NEED IS A BUS.
REALLY? YOU GUYS ARE GONNA MAKE
THEM GET BACK ON THERE?
AM I THE ONLY ONE THAT THINKS
THAT'S KIND OF MEAN?
WELL, WHAT DO YOU GOT,
20 OF THEM?
I DON'T KNOW.
GOD CLOSES A DOOR...
AND HE OPENS A WINDOW.
WE CAN PUT THEM IN THERE.
WE'LL STICK THEM BACK ON AS SOON
AS THE FORENSICS GUYS ARE DONE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU'RE GONNA DRIVE, COLLINS.
SIR.
(Andy scoffs)
TYPICAL, HUH?
WHAT?
THE ONE TIME THAT WE ALL
WANT TO GET OFF EARLY,
AND NOW WE GOTTA INTERVIEW
A BUNCH OF SLOW-TALKING WALTERS.
YEAH, SO?
WELL, I'M ACTUALLY
EXCITED ABOUT TONIGHT.
YEAH, YOU LOVE WEDDINGS.
YEAH, I LOVE THEM.
I'M NOT SURPRISED.
DON'T WORRY.
I'LL SAVE A DANCE FOR YOU.
(radio chatter)
(breathes
and exhales sharply)
(clicking)
UH, CAN I BORROW YOUR PHONE?
NO. NOT, YOU CAN'T. NO.
DOV, LISTEN.
I'M NOT GONNA TAKE SOME
PERP TO THE PROM,
AND PROBABLY SHE'S NOT
GOING TO, UM...
(dialing phone)
SHE'S NOT GONNA
REMEMBER ME.
OKAY, SHE'S NOT A PERP.
WE NEVER ARRESTED HER.
YEAH, I KNOW.
AND WHILE I AGREE
IT IS A LITTLE MESSY...
UM...
THAT'S WHAT MAKES IT
EXCITING.
NO, DON'T...
(radio chatter)
(sighs)
HELLO?
HI. UM... THIS IS
OFFICER SHAW CALLING.
CELERY. HI. HEY, HOW ARE YOU?
UM...
PROBABLY YOU WON'T
REMEMBER, UH...
(clears throat)
YEAH. NO. UH, I REMEMBER,
I JUST DIDN'T THINK
THAT YOU WOULD.
AND, UM...
ANYWAY, ARE YOU FREE,
UH... TONIGHT?
UH, TO GO TO A WEDDING
WITH ME.
AND I'M SURE THAT YOU'RE NOT.
IT'S VERY LAST MINUTE,
AND I JUST--
OKAY, THEN. UH, 6:00?
QUARTER TO 6:00?
OKAY, SEE YOU.
YEAH. BYE.
(phone beeps)
AH... EPSTEIN.
(radio chatter)
ALL RIGHT, WELL, WELCOME
TO THE HIMMIVISION'
THIS IS OUR SALLY PORT.
UH, IT'S A COMMON TERM
FOR A SECURED, CONTROLLED
ENTRWVAY.
IT'S AN OLD EXPRESSION,
"PORT" JUST MEANING DOOR,
AND "SALLY" COMING FROM
THE MILITARY MANEUVER
TO JUMP OUT AND SURPRISE
YOUR ATTACKERS.
UH, "SALLY FORTH!"
(murmuring)
UH... AS IT WERE.
(door buzzes and beeps)
UM... ALL RIGHT.
WELL, IF YOU WANT TO FOLLOW
ME INTO THE STATION HERE,
WE'LL GET YOU ALL SEATED
AND TAKE YOUR STATEMENTS.
YEAH, IT'S GONNA BE
A LONG NIGHT, SALLY.
YEAH, SALLY.
(chuckles) FRANK,
WHAT'S GOING ON?
HEY, HEY, SAMMY.
LOOK, I, UH, KINDA GOT
A LITTLE THING HERE.
UH, TALK TO ME.
(sighs) LANCE, UH...
THAT'S MY BROTHER.
HE, UH, HE WAS SUPPOSED
TO BE MY BEST MAN.
But... ass-hat missed
his flight from Jamaica.
I DON'T KNOW WHY,
DON'T WANNA KNOW WHY,
BUT RIGHT NOW...
I DON'T HAVE A BEST MAN.
OKAY.
Look, Sam, Sam...
I'M BEGGING YOU, ALL RIGHT?
RIGHT NOW I COULD--
I COULD REALLY USE A FRIEND.
ON MY WAY.
(phone beeps)
I GOTTA GO.
YOU GOT THIS, RIGHT?
I'M ON MY CELL.
KEEP ME POSTED.
YEAH, YES. YOU GO.
YEAH, WE'LL--
WE'LL SOLVE THE CRIME.
WE'LL WIND IT UP.
WE GOTTA SOLVE IT QUICK.
WE STILL GOTTA GET YOU
A SUIT.
(pats back)
(indistinct conversations)
HEY.
HERE'S SOME EARL GREY
WITH MILK.
THANK YOU.
I'M SORRY.
I DON'T KNOW WHY
I'M SUDDENLY SO SHAKY.
YOU'RE IN SHOCK.
YOU WERE ROBBED AT GUNPOINT
AND YOU WATCHED TWO OF YOUR
FRIENDS GET BEATEN UP,
AND NOW YOU'RE
IN A POLICE STATION.
PLUS, YOU'RE OLD.
WELL, WHEN YOU PUT IT
LIKE THAT...
ALL RIGHT.
(sighs)
WALTER, CONSTANCE,
I TAKE IT YOU TWO
ARE MARRIED.
HELL NO. WE'RE, UH...
WHAT DO YOU CALL IT?
ENE-FRIENDS.
FRENEMIES, YOU IDIOT.
WE'VE HATED EACH OTHER
40 YEARS NOW.
(door buzzes in background)
ELEANOR, ANY DESCRIPTION
THAT YOU COULD GIVE US
WOULD BE REALLY HELPFUL.
WELL, OBVIOUSLY I DIDN'T
SEE ANYTHING.
YES, SORRY.
BUT ONE THING I CAN
TELL YOU--
THERE WAS SOMETHING
STRANGE ABOUT HIS VOICE.
YOU KNOW, IT WAS--
IT WAS LOW-PITCHED.
FAKE, LIKE HE WAS
PUTTING IT ON.
UH, I COULDN'T SEE MUCH. HE HAD
THAT STOCKING OVER HIS FACE.
HE HAD A HAT ON, GLOVES.
I WISH I'D PAID ATTENTION
TO HIM WHEN WE GOT ON,
BUT I WAS TOO BUSY TRYING
TO FIND A GOOD SEAT FOR ELEANOR.
THINK ABOUT IT.
A BUNCH OF WELL-HEELED SENIORS
ALL OFF FOR A DAY AT THE SLOTS,
FLUSH WITH CASH,
EVERYONE DOLLED UP
IN THEIR SUNDAY BEST.
IT'S REALLY QUITE CLEVER.
THE PERFECT PLAN.
(typing)
WELL, IT'S A GOOD THING
WE GOT SHARP EYEWITNESSES
LIKE YOURSELF.
(laughs)
LET ME ASK YOU A QUESTION.
YOUR SUIT--I LIKE IT.
WHERE'D YOU GET IT?
ARCHIE.
ARCHIE, ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
MOST EXCITEMENT
THAT'S HAPPENED IN 20 YEARS.
(sighs)
YOUR BRIDGE NIGHTS
DON'T HOLD A CANDLE.
JUNE HEATON. I'M THE MANAGER
AT BEDFORD HEALTH.
YOU HIRED THE BUS?
YES, BUT I'VE BEEN USING
PRINCESS COACHLINES
FOR SIX YEARS NOW.
I HAVE NEVER, EVER
HAD A PROBLEM.
OKAY, THIS BUS
WAS FROM HAWKLINE.
HAWKLINE?
MM-HMM.
I'VE NEVER HEARD OF IT.
YEAH?
OFFICER SHAW? HI.
I TALKED TO THE BUS COMPANY,
AND THEY DON'T KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT THE DRIVER.
BUT THEY DID SAY THAT THEY
RENTED IT TO A NEW CUSTOMER--
GET THIS, THOUGH--
JOHN DOE.
EXCUSE US.
OKAY, SO, OUR BAD GUY,
HE CANCELS THE REGULAR BUS
AND THEN HE RENTS
A DIFFERENT BUS
UNDER A FAKE NAME.
ALL RIGHT? THEN HE PICKS
THEM UP, TAKES THEM AWAY,
ROBS THEM SILLY.
ARCHIE, MY WITNESS--
GREAT GUY--
HE SAYS IT'S
THE PERFECT PLAN.
ALL RIGHT, YOU GOT 20 WEALTHY
SENIORS LOADED DOWN
WITH CASH AND JEWELRY.
IF YOU'RE THE DRIVER,
YOU'RE IN AND OUT
IN FIVE MINUTES.
IT'S AN INSIDE JOB.
IT IS THE PERFECT PLAN,
BUT YOU GOTTA KNOW
THAT IT'S HAPPENING, RIGHT?
SO SOMEONE ON THE INSIDE
MUST HAVE TIPPED OUR GUY OFF.
OKAY.
ALL RIGHT, OKAY,
SO YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE'RE GONNA GO BACK AT 'EM.
SUBJECT DESCRIPTIONS,
I NEED AN INVENTORY
OF STOLEN ITEMS, MOTIVE,
SUSPICIOUS BEHAVIOR.
ALL RIGHT? COME ON, GET ON IT.
WHEN YOU'RE DONE,
THROW 'EM IN THE LOUNGE.
YEAH, BUT--
WHAT? BUT WHAT?
WELL... THE WEDDING'S IN
LESS THAN FOUR HOURS.
ALL RIGHT, THEN GET CRACKING,
'CAUSE NOBODY LEAVES HERE
UNTIL THIS IS SORTED.
(officers murmuring)
SORRY.
OKAY...
(speaking indistinctly)
(radio chatter)
OKAY, SO, JUNE...
PRINCESS COACH LINES.
WE NEED TO KNOW
WHO YOU TALKED TO.
I DON'T REMEMBER.
I'M SORRY, I DON'T KNOW.
I-I DO THIS TRIP EVERY YEAR.
AND YOU DIDN'T NOTICE
THAT THE BUS
WAS A DIFFERENT COMPANY?
NO, I DIDN'T NOTICE.
AND YOU DIDN'T NOTICE
THE DRIVER?
NOTHING?
NOT ONE THING?
I'M SORRY. I DON'T REMEMBER.
MY HUSBAND JUST ARRIVED.
CAN I SAY HELLO?
I WON'T GO ANYWHERE.
DOESN'T REMEMBER ANYTHING.
KEEPS APOLOGIZING.
I THINK SHE'S ON SOMETHING.
MAYBE A LITTLE BIT OF FEAR
AND GUILT.
I MEAN, YOU'RE GOING
AT HER PRETTY HARD.
I WANT TO TALK
TO THE HUSBAND.
I THINK WE FOUND
OUR BUS DRIVER.
(inhales sharply) YEAH,
SOMEHOW I DOUBT THAT.
(doors buzz)
(radio chatter)
WHAT?
(speaking inaudibly)
BUT, YOU KNOW, KEEP AT IT.
YOU MAY CRACK HER YET.
(alert beeps,
radio chatter)
OKAY, SO HE GOT YOUR WATCH,
YOUR CUFFLINKS,
$100 IN CASH,
AND YOUR WIFE'S PEARL NECKLACE.
YEAH, THAT'S IT. I MEAN,
THAT'S THE SAD THING.
YOU KNOW, THAT SOMEBODY
WOULD BEAT UP
TWO OLD MEN FOR...
A BAG OF TRINKETS.
MY WATCH, MY PHONE,
MY DIAMOND EAR STUDS.
HE EVEN TOOK
MY WEDDING RINGS.
THREE RINGS.
THREE MARRIAGES.
SHE WORE A WHITE DRESS
EVERY TIME,
LIKE SHE WAS FOOLING
ANYONE.
YEAH, BUT AT LEAST
I'VE BEEN MARRIED,
UNLIKE BACHELOR OF THE YEAR
HERE.
(mouths word)
YOU'RE A LUCKY GIRL.
YOU STILL HAVE THAT
SPECIAL DAY AHEAD OF YOU.
BIG PARTY, FRIENDS, FAMILY.
ANNULMENT, DIVORCE,
BEING DUMPED AT THE ALTAR,
PUBLIC EMBARRASSMENT.
YEAH, IT SOUNDS
PRETTY HEAVENLY.
NOW, YOU I LIKE.
(phone rings)
GOT THE INSTRUCTIONS
RIGHT HERE.
(man speaking indistinctly)
THERE ARE THE BEST
ONES, OKAY?
I DON'T KNOW WHY
I'M SO NERVOUS.
IT'S ALL GOOD.
I'VE BEEN MARRIED
TWICE ALREADY.
I SHOULD BE A FREAKIN'
PRO BY NOW.
IT'S GONNA BE GREAT.
ALL RIGHT. THIS--
COLLAR UP, TAKE THE TWO ENDS,
OVERHAND KNOT, RIGHT?
I GUESS IT'S DIFFERENT
WHEN IT'S THE REAL THING.
YEAH. HOW DO YOU KNOW?
(man) VOIL.
YOU LOOK FABULOUS.
A NEIGHBORHOOD LIKE MINE,
YOU--YOU GROW UP THINKING
THAT REAL MEN
DIDN'T SHOW HOW THEY FEEL.
YOU KNOW? BUT, UH...
IT WAS AN ACT, YOU KNOW?
MACHO CRAP.
BUT NOELLE NEVER BOUGHT
INTO IT.
YOU KNOW, TO THIS DAY,
SHE PULLS ME IN CLOSE
AND, UH,
IF I'M HOLDING BACK,
SHE SAYS...
(clicks tongue)
"IT'S JUST ME, FRANK.
IT'S JUST ME."
YOU KNOW IT'S REAL
WHEN, UH,
WHEN SHE MAKES YOU BETTER.
YOU KNOW, EVEN THOUGH IT'S--
IT'S TOUGH SOMETIMES,
BUT...
BUT YOU'RE GRATEFUL.
(chuckles)
LET ME TRY THAT.
YEAH. (chuckles)
(sighs) ALL RIGHT.
(phone ringing)
OKAY...
IT'S NASH.
I'M GONNA ANSWER IT, OKAY?
YEAH. YEAH.
(man) ONE END OF THE BOW TIE
SHOULD BE LONGER
THAN THE OTHER.
HEY, NASH. WHAT'S GOING ON?
SAM? WHAT ARE YOU
DOING THERE?
LAST-MINUTE EMERGENCY.
GO FIGURE.
LET'S HOPE THERE'S NOT
TWO OF THEM.
IS NOELLE WITH YOU GUYS?
NO. WHY?
Have you seen Noelle
today?
NO. WHY?
Do you know if she's
checked in with Frank at all?
No, don't ask him that.
In fact,
DON'T ASK HIM ANYTHING.
JUST--JUST FORGET I CALLED.
JUST FORGET I CALLED.
HEY, NASH,
WHAT'S GOING ON?
NOELLE'S MISSING.
We showed up
at the hotel.
SHE DIDN'T CHECK IN
LAST NIGHT.
THEY HAVEN'T SEEN HER.
WE'VE CALLED HER ENTIRE FAMILY.
NOBODY KNOWS WHERE SHE IS.
OKAY, WELL, UH,
YOU'RE A DETECTIVE,
SO WHY DON'T YOU DO SOME
DETECTIVE WORK AND GO FIND HER?
THANKS.
WHY DIDN'T I THINK OF THAT?
(phone beeps
and clatters on counter)
FIND WHO?
SOMEONE MISSING?
HEY! WOULD YOU LOOK
AT THAT?
HUH?
(laughs)
VOIL.
I'D MARRY YOU.
YOU LOOK FABULOUS.
ALL RIGHT, WHAT ARE WE
DOING HERE?
JUST TALK TO HIM.
(Archie)
YEAH, THAT LOOKS GREAT.
ARCHIE.
WHAT'S WRONG
WITH THE SQUAD ROOM?
ACCORDING TO MY PARTNER
HERE,
YOU'VE GOT SOMETHING
IMPORTAI\}TD'|C')O TELL ME.
SLATE-GRAY, DOUBLE VENTED.
UH, 34 WAIST.
CHARCOAL. AND I'D SAY
HE'S A 33.
EPSTEIN, WHAT ARE WE DOING?
TWO BIRDS, ONE STONE, OFFICER.
YOU'RE TAKING MY STATEMENT,
AND WE'RE FITTING YOU
FOR A SUIT.
(alert beeps,
radio chatter)
(groans) I JUST WANTED
TODAY TO BE EASY, YOU KNOW?
ONE SIMPLE LITTLE SHIFT.
NO STOLEN BUSES,
NO BLIND WITNESSES.
NO OLD PEOPLE CRYING ABOUT
THEIR MISSING WEDDING RINGS.
WAIT, WHO'S CRYING ABOUT
THEIR MISSING WEDDING RING?
I DON'T KNOW.
GAIL'S LADY.
ANYWAY, I WAS JUST TRYING
TO BE DRAMATIC, ALL RIGHT?
I WAS MAKING A POINT.
(phone Vibrates)
(Velcro tears)
(phone beeps)
OLIVER?
HANG ON.
WHERE ARE YOU?
I AM--I'M BUSY.
I AM INVESTIGATING.
WHY? WHAT ARE YOU, UH...
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
Nothing. Look.
YOU DO REALIZE WE'RE GONNA
BE HERE ALL NIGHT.
(Archie) Too short. Too short.
THEY NEED TO BREAK
ON THE HEEL.
BACK OFF, ARCHIE.
Have I ever let you down?
ONCE. THE GLEN PLAID
NUMBER.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU WERE THINKING.
ALWAYS WITH THE GLEN PLAID.
SORRY. WILIllI-IRE ARE YOU?
(beeping)
I'M, UH...
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE BREAKING
UP ON ME NOW.
I'M GONNA HAVE TO PHONE
YOU BACK.
YOU ARE FIRED.
GET THAT PHONE OUT OF
YOUR POCKET, OFFICER.
IT RUINS THE LINE.
SORRY.
NOW, WHAT CAR ARE YOU
DRIVING TONIGHT?
BECAUSE I'VE GOT A LITTLE
GEM OF A CAR
THAT COULD REALLY
USE AN OUTING.
GLEN PLAID.
IS THAT A ROAD?
WEDDING RINGS.
WHAT?
GRAHAM AND ELEANOR WARD.
THEY DIDN'T LIST THEM IN THEIR
INVENTORY OF STOLEN ITEMS--
WATCH, CUFFLINKS, $100
IN CASH, FAKE PEARLS.
NO MENTION OF WEDDING RINGS.
MAYBE THAT'S BECAUSE
THEY DIDN'T TAKE THEM.
MAYBE THEY WEREN'T
WEARING THEM.
I'D REALLY LIKE TO TAKE
ELEANOR HOME.
IT'S BEEN A LONG DAY.
WE JUST WANTED TO CHECK.
YOU FOLKS ARE MARRIED, CORRECT?
I CERTAINLY HOPE SO.
(chuckles)
YEAH. (chuckles)
IT'S JUST YOU'RE NOT
WEARING WEDDING RINGS.
SO WE WANTED TO MAKE SURE
THOSE WEREN'T STOLEN AS WELL.
NO, IT'S PURE LUCK.
GRAHAM--HE TOOK THEM TO BE
CLEANED A COUPLE DAYS AGO.
FUNNY HOW THE UNIVERSE
WORKS, ISN'T IT?
CERTAINLY IS.
ELEANOR, I'M GONNA TAKE
YOU BACK INTO THE LOUNGE
FOR A FEW MINUTES.
WE'RE JUST GONNA SPEAK
WITH YOUR HUSBAND.
OH, IT'S ALL RIGHT, DEAR.
GO AHEAD.
SIR, IS THERE ANYTHING
YOU'D LIKE TO SHARE?
I'D REALLY RATHER NOT HAVE TO
DO THIS IN INTERVIEW.
FOR WHAT?
GETTING OUR RINGS CLEANED?
I'M SORRY, OFFICER.
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO DO
A LITTLE BETTER THAN THAT.
(indistinct conversations)
THIS IS NOELLE'S OLD PLACE.
(keys jangle)
SHE'S BEEN TRYING TO SELL IT
SINCE SHE MOVED IN WITH FRANK.
SHE GAVE YOU A KEY?
WELL, THAT'S WHAT
SINGLE GIRLS DO, STEVE.
THEY GIVE EACH OTHER
KEYS TO THEIR PLACE.
THAT WAY,
IF YOU DIE ALONE...
YOUR FRIEND CAN COME OVER,
GET YOU DRESSED
AND HIDE YOUR PORN--
YEAH, I GET IT.
(children playing
in distance)
NOELLE?
NOELLE, ARE YOU IN HERE?
NASH.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
WE WERE WORRIED ABOUT YOU.
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
GETTING MARRIED IN THREE HOURS.
YEAH, WELL, UH,
HERE'S THE THING--
I'M NOT GETTING MARRIED.
HAVE YOU TOLD FRANK?
NO. I'M GONNA CALL HIM
WHEN I GET SOMEWHERE.
NAN'S GOT OLIVIA, SO SHE'LL
BE FINE FOR A FEW DAYS.
I JUST... NEED TO GET
MY HEAD TOGETHER.
I JUST CAME HERE
TO GRAB SOME CLOTHES.
NOELLE...
HONEY, WHAT'S GOING ON?
I WENT TO ST. PAT'S
YESTERDAY.
JUST A ROUTINE MAMMOGRAM.
I DO IT EVERY YEAR.
FAMILY HISTORY.
THEY FOUND A LUMP.
BIOPSY'S NOT BACK YET,
BUT IT DOESN'T LOOK LIKE THE...
NOTHING KIND OF LUMP,
IT LOOKS LIKE
THE SOMETHING KIND OF LUMP.
BUT YOU DON'T KNOW
FOR SURE.
I KNOW THAT MY MOTHER
DIED OF BREAST CANCER.
SHE WAS 43.
AND MY SISTER WAS DIAGNOSED
6 YEARS AGO, AND SHE DIED
WHEN SHE WAS 37,
SO I'VE KIND OF BEEN WAITING
FOR THIS MY WHOLE LIFE,
DREADING IT.
I JUST DIDN'T THINK IT WOULD
HAPPEN THIS WEEK.
WHY HAVEN'T YOU TOLD FRANK?
(sniffles)
BECAUSE HE'D MARRY ME
ANYWAY.
AND I DON'T WANT TO
DO THAT TO HIM.
I MEAN, I ALREADY FEEL LIKE
I TRAPPED HIM
BY GETTING PREGNANT.
I'M NOT GONNA LET HIM
END UP WITH SOME
SICK WIFE TO LOOK AFTER, TOO.
I'M JUST... I'M NOT.
I LOVE HIM TOO MUCH
TO DO THAT TO HIM.
(zipper zips)
NOELLE, I KNOW THIS MIGHT SEEM
ALL UNMANAGEABLE RIGHT NOW--
LISTEN, I JUST NEED
SOME SPACE. I JUST...
NEED TO GET
MY HEAD STRAIGHT.
I'M... (sighs)
I GOTTA CALL A CAB.
NO, NO. WE'LL--
WE'LL DRIVE YOU.
ANYWHERE YOU WANT TO GO.
COME ON, WE'LL--
WE'LL TAKE YOU RIGHT NOW.
SO WHERE WE GOING?
ISLAND AIRPORT?
UNION STATION?
I DON'T--
YEAH, YOU KNOW THE ISLAND
AIRPORT HAS A FLIGHT OUT
EVERY SIX MINUTES--
CHICAGO, NEW YORK,
MONTREAL, MYRTLE BEACH.
I GUESS I'LL DECIDE
WHEN I GET THERE.
YOU KNOW, NEW YORK
WOULD BE COOL.
EXCEPT FOR THE FACT THAT
IT'S INSANELY EXPENSIVE.
IT'S, LIKE, $500 A NIGHT
FOR A CRAPPY HOTEL ROOM
THE SIZE OF YOUR HEAD,
YOU KNOW.
BUT, HEY, YOU MIGHT GET
TO SEE A MUSICAL.
LIKE, UH, "CAGE AUX FOLLES"
OR "SISTER ACT"
OR--OR "CATS."
I HATE MUSICALS.
YEAH, ME, TOO. THAT'S WHY
I GO TO CHICAGO.
IT'S JUST LIKE HERE
EXCEPT IT'S WINDIER.
UH, YOU KNOW,
MONTREAL IS NICE,
BUT UNLESS YOU SPEAK FRENCH,
IT'S KIND OF TRICKY
TO NAVIGATE, ESPECIALLY WHEN
YOU'RE FEELING FRAGILE.
YOU KNOW, I KNOW. ITRIED.
I SPENT TWO WEEKS
HIDING OUT THERE
AFTER MY LAST BREAKUP.
YOU KNOW WHAT HAPPENED?
I GAINED 10 POUNDS. 10 POUNDS.
DRINKING BEER AND EATING
CROISSANTS, YOU KNOW?
'CAUSE IT'S THE ONLY THING
I COULD ORDER IN FRENCH.
IS THIS GUY FOR REAL?
I-I'M AFRAID SO.
SO I KEPT ORDERING IT.
BUT I GUESS, YOU KNOW,
IT DOESN'T MATTER, RIGHT?
JUST AS LONG AS YOU'RE
SOMEWHERE ELSE,
SO WE'LL DROP YOU OFF
AT THE AIRPORT,
THEN WE'LL GO BREAK THE NEWS
TO FRANK, OKAY?
NOELLE, I'M GONNA NEED YOU
TO TELL ME
WHAT YOU WANT ME
TO TELL HIM.
HE'LL BE LEAVING IN AN HOUR.
YOU CAN CATCH HIM BEFORE
HE GOES TO THE HOTEL.
J-JUST DON'T TELL HIM
TO SIT DOWN.
NO BUILDUP. HE HATES THAT.
HE'LL KNOW SOMETHING'S UP
ANYWAY.
AND THEN JUST--
JUST TELL HIM.
JUST... TELL HIM...
FIVE MINUTES UNTIL
WE HIT THE AIRPORT.
(exhales) SCREW IT.
TURN THE CAR AROUND.
YOU'VE GOT A 73-YEAR-OLD
VICTIM OF A CRIME
SITTING IN AN INTERVIEW ROOM.
THIS BETTER BE GOOD.
WELL, IT ISN'T.
WE TALKED TO JUNE HEATON.
SHE INFORMED US THAT YOU
AND YOUR WIFE
WERE BEHIND FOUR MONTHS
ON YOUR PAYMENTS.
BEDFORD HOUSE
IS $10,000 A MONTH.
I KNOW HOW MUCH IT COSTS.
WELL, SHE SAID SHE'S WORRIED.
THAT SHE TOLD YOU THAT IF YOU
DON'T COME UP WITH THE FEES,
YOU HAVE TO LEAVE.
I'M NOT SURE I'D TRUST
JUNE'S MEMORY.
SHE'S STRETCHED
A LITTLE THIN.
SO HOW ARE YOU
GONNA PAY FOR IT?
SOLD YOUR HOUSE
SIX YEARS AGO.
YOU HAVE NO PENSION
TO SPEAK OF,
AND YOU'RE WELL THROUGH
YOUR LINE OF CREDIT.
WHAT YOU DO HAVE
IS A NEPHEW--
JAM ESON WARD.
33, HISTORY OF B&ES,
THEFT, FRAUD.
(clicks tongue)
WELL, HE'S...
WORKING ON CONSTRUCTION NOW.
HE'S GOT A JOB
AT A CEMENT FACTORY
DOWN AT THE DOCKS.
WE KNOW THAT.
WE ACTUALLY CHECKED
YOUR CELL PHONE RECORDS.
YOU'VE BEEN TALKING TO HIM
QUITE A LOT THIS LAST MONTH.
I MEAN, EVEN A COUPLE
PHONE CALLS TODAY.
EXCEPT THOSE ONES
DIDN'T GET ANSWERED.
(breathes sharply)
DO I NEED A LAWYER?
WE CAN CERTAINLY GET YOU
A PUBLIC DEFENDER.
IT'S JUST THAT'S GONNA
TAKE SOME TIME.
MUST SEEM REALLY EASY
TO YOU RIGHT NOW.
WORK HARD, PAY YOUR TAXES.
WHAT YOU CAN'T KNOW
IS THE HARD STUFF.
WHEN YOU CAN'T WORK
ANYMORE,
OR WHEN THE WOMAN...
YOU'VE BEEN LOVING
FOR 40 YEARS
NEEDS TREATMENT
YOU CAN'T PAY FOR.
SEE, THAT'S THE TRICKY PART.
THAT'S THE PART YOU...
REALLY CAN'T PLAN FOR.
(exhales sharply)
WE WERE GONNA SPLIT
THE MONEY.
HE SAID HE WOULDN'T
HURT ANYONE.
(voice breaking)
DOES ELEANOR KNOW?
NO.
WE THOUGHT MAYBE YOU'D
LIKE TO TELL HER YOURSELF.
(chuckles)
WELL, THEN, OFFICER,
YOU MUST NOT BE MARRIED.
JUST TELL HIM TO TAKE IT EASY
WITH THE CLUTCH.
IT'S A '62,
SO IT SHOULD BE FINE,
BUT IT IS A DELICATE ANIMAL.
WILL DO. AND, ARCHIE,
THANK YOU AGAIN
FOR EVERYTHING.
OH, THANK YOU, OFFICER.
I CAN'T TELL YOU
HOW NICE IT IS
TO FEEL RELEVANT.
(chuckles)
OKAY, FOLKS,
YOU ARE FREE TO GO.
TRANSPORTATION'S
BEEN ARRANGED,
AND THERE'S CARS FOR YOU
WAITING OUTSIDE.
THAT'S GREAT.
SO, I, UH, I GUESS YOU KNOW
WHO DID IT, HUH?
OF COURSE THEY KNOW
WHO DID IT.
THAT'S WHY WE'RE
GOING HOME.
I'M JUST ASKING.
UHH... (sighs)
WHAT?
YOU'RE TOO YOUNG
TO BE THIS CYNICAL.
FIND A FRIEND. HAVE A LITTLE
FUN ONCE IN A WHILE.
OH, YOU MEAN LIKE WALTER?
YOU TWO HATE EACH OTHER.
(chuckles) I DON'T HATE HIM.
HE'S MY PLUS-ONE.
TRUST ME, SWEETHEART,
LIFE'S WAY TOO LONG
TO GO THROUGH IT ALONE.
(man shouting in distance,
radio chatter)
EXCUSE ME?
YEAH?
WE'RE LOOKING
FOR A JAMESON WARD.
JAMIE?
JAMIE, JAMESON--YEAH.
EITHER WORKS.
UH, JAMIE'S UP THERE.
HE'S SPOT WELDING
A STRAP HINGE.
OF COURSE HE IS.
I'M SORRY, I CAN'T BRING HIM
DOWN TILL HE'S DONE.
HE'S MY ONLY WELDER ON TONIGHT.
I GOTTA GET THAT THING FIXED.
IT'S A MAJOR SAFETY ISSUE.
OKAY.
WELL, IS THERE
ANY OTHEIlNé/JVAY DOWN?
(man shouting in distance)
OKAY, WE'LL WAIT.
ALL RIGHT, I'LL LET YOU
KNOW WHEN HE COMES DOWN.
THANK YOU.
(man speaking over radio
indistinctly)
(groans) FINE.
CANCEL MY HAIR APPOINTMENT.
(dIaIIng)
(man) * I FEEL SO GOOD
ALL THE TIME *
* I NEED YOU HERE
BY MY SIDE *
(sets parking brake)
* OH, HONEY,
YOU MAKE ME FEEL *
* YOU MAKE ME FEEL
* SO GOOD NOW
* OH, IF YOU
DOIN' ALL RIGHT *
* I'LL SEE YOU 'ROUND
TOMORROW NIGHT *
**
* TELL ME IT'S WORKIN',
BABY *
* I WANT YOU ALL NIGHT
* I NEED YOUR ARMS
TO HOLD ME TIGHT *
MAY I?
(laughs) YOU MAY.
* MAKE ME FEEL SO GOOD
WE'RE HERE.
WHOO. WOW.
(laughs)
(closes door)
COME ON.
**
(laughs)
(soft music playing)
(laughter and indistinct
conversations)
ALL RIGHT, WELL,
HERE WE ARE.
UM, OKAY,
FRANK IS MY BOSS.
AND NOELLE IS MY FRIEND.
HEY.
AH, HEY!
HI.
OH, HEY.
DO YOU REMEMBER DOV?
MM-HMM.
UM... AND--HI, GUYS.
HI.
HEY, OLIVER.
AND, UH, TOGETHER,
UH, FRANK AND NOELLE HAVE
A BEAUTIFUL LITTLE GIRL
NAMED OLI|_\|/IIA. SHE IS--
HI.
WAS THAT--
YES. UM, TOGETHER THEY HAVE
A LITTLE GIRL NAMED OLIVIA.
SHE'S GORGEOUS.
NAMED AFTER YOU?
OF COURSE. WELL,
I DON'T KNOW, ACTUALLY.
(glggleS)
I NEVER REALLY ASKED.
OLIVER.
HI.
HEY, I WAS HOPING
I'D SEE YOU.
I-I WASN'T SURE YOU WERE
GONNA MAKE IT.
YEAH. WELL, UM...
I'M HERE.
HI.
MM-HMM.
UH, SORRY. UM...
ZOE, THIS IS CELERY.
CELERY, THIS IS ZOE.
HI.
I-I'M SORRY.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
CELERY.
LIKE THE VEGETABLE.
THE ONE YOUR KIDS
PROBABLY DON'T EAT.
WHAT DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT MY KIDS?
OH, HOLD ON. UM...
(stammers)
EXCUSE US.
JUST GIVE US A SECOND.
ZOE... COME ON!
WHAT?
WELL, YOU'RE HERE WITH MAX,
AND I AM HERE WITH CELERY,
SO WE'RE GONNA BE COOL.
MAX DIDN'T COME.
WE BROKE UP
A COUPLE DAYS AGO.
I'M SORRY TO HEAR THAT.
NO, YOU'RE NOT.
ACTUALLY, I AM.
I AM. COME HERE.
(kisses)
WE'LL TALK LATER.
OKAY?
OKAY.
OKAY. ALL RIGHT.
THAT'S... I'M SORRY.
(indistinct conversations)
MAY I TAKE YOUR COAT?
I THOUGHT WE WERE MEETING
AT THE BAR.
COAT CHECK GIRL
HASN'T SHOWN UP.
FIGURED I'D WAIT
FOR YOU HERE.
HANG A FEW COATS.
OH, HOW VERY WEIRD OF YOU.
I'VE MADE 20 BUCKS.
MAKE THAT $22.
IN THE JAR, PLEASE.
(rattles)
TIP?
I ONLY HAVE A $5.
WOW!
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I HATE THESE THINGS.
EVERYONE'S MILLING AROUND.
I MEAN, THEY'RE LAUGHING
AND THEY'RE CARING.
I KNOW. IT'S AWFUL.
I USUALLY DODGE THIS STUFF,
BUT YOU NEEDED A LAST-MINUTE
PLUS-ONE
AND I AM ALL ABOUT
GROWING THESE DAYS.
SO...
(sets glasses down)
MACARENA?
LET'S JUST GET THIS OVER WITH.
THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR HELPING ME.
NO PROBLEM.
UH, WHO IS TAFFY?
TAFFY? TAF--
TRACI. IT'S MY FIRST TIME
USING A CALLIGRAPHY PEN.
WHERE?
SHE'S HERE.
WHERE'S NOELLE?
UH... I-I HAVEN'T SEEN HER.
SHE--SHE'S NOT HERE YET?
NO. WHY?
SHE DISAPPEARED.
NOBODY KNOWS WHERE SHE IS.
WHAT? WHAT?
D-DON'T TELL FRANK.
HE DOESN'T KNOW. SHH.
(claps hands)
HEY. OKAY.
SO, WHERE'S MY BEAUTIFUL
FIANCE?
SHE'S... NOT FEELING WELL.
I THINK SHE'S ON HER WAY
DOWN, I THINK. WHAT?
ALL RIGHT,
WHAT'S GOING ON, GUYS?
ALL RIGHT, EPSTEIN, WHAT
THE HELL'S GOING ON AROUND HERE?
I'M DATING CHLOE.
YOU'RE WHAT?
YEAH. I-I'M DATING CHLOE.
YOUR GODDAUGHTER,
YOUR BRIDESMAID,
AND, YES, MY COLLEAGUE.
BUT THE THING IS,
IT STARTED BEFORE SHE DID.
I MEAN, B-B-BEFORE
SHE STARTED AT 15,
NOT BEFORE SHE STARTED
TO EXIST--
FRANK. FRANK.
STAFF--
SIR. UH, NOELLE'S HERE.
SHE NEEDS TO TALK TO YOU.
(sighs)
YEAH.
SO, WHAT? WE DON'T GET
TO TALK ABOUT THIS?
FRANK, PLEASE.
I HAVE BEEN WHERE YOU ARE
WITH MY OWN FAMILY.
THERE IS NO WAY
TO PREPARE FOR THIS.
IT'S JUST BETTER THIS WAY,
ALL RIGHT?
AT LEAST, LIKE, UNTIL
I CAN FIGURE OUT--
WH--BETTER FOR WHO?
ME? OLIVIA? YOU?
LOOK, WHATEVER HAPPENS,
WE WILL GET THROUGH IT.
YOU AND ME.
SAME AS IT--IT
ALWAYS HAS BEEN.
WHAT IF I DON'T WANT
TO GET THROUGH IT TOGETHER?
WHAT IF I CAN'T?
THEN I GUESS YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO TRY HARDER
TO SHAKE ME LOOSE.
I'M NOT LETTING YOU
WALK AWAY FROM US
BECAUSE OF SOMETHING
THAT MAY
OR MAY NOT HAPPEN, BABY.
SOMETHING THAT I WOULD
WANT TO BE HERE FOR.
(exhales)
LISTEN TO ME. SWEETHEART.
BABY, IT'S JUST ME.
IT'S JUST ME.
ALL RIGHT.
(exhales)
IT'S GONNA BE ALL RIGHT.
I'M SORRY.
IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT.
I KNOW. IT'S JUST...
I KNOW YOU REALLY
WANTED TO BE THERE.
IT'S FINE.
NAH.
NOT REALLY.
(beeps)
(phone rings)
(laughing)
Hey, Dov?
(lowered voice)
WHERE ARE YOU GUYS?
WE'RE WORKING. YOU?
UH, JUST WAITING
FOR THE BRIDE TO SHOW UP,
BUT I GOTTA GO.
IT'S GONNA START SOON.
UH, HEY, HEY, UH...
YOU GOT SPEAKERPHONE?
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
COME ON.
WE'LL PUT OUR END ON MUTE.
WE JUST WANT TO LISTEN.
YEAH, SURE.
I GUESS IT CAN'T GET ANY WORSE.
(chuckles)
(phone beeps)
(laughing) SORRY.
(Wagner's "Bridal Chorus"
from "Lohengrin" playing)
THERE IT IS.
THAT'S THE RIFF.
SHE'S COMING IN.
**
(Noelle chuckles)
(music continues
over speakerphone)
**
(music ends)
DEARLY BELOVED,
WE ARE GATHERED HERE
TOGETHER TODAY TO JOIN FRANK
and Noelle
in holy matrimony.
I ACTUALLY WISH
WE WERE THERE.
ME, TOO.
THERE'S NOWHERE I'D RATHER
BE THAN HERE, THOUGH.
JUST...
YOU AND ME SITTING HERE,
DOING WHAT WE DO.
I, Franklin Joseph Best,
TAKE YOU,
NOELLE GRACE WILLIAMS,
TO BE MY LAWFUL WEDDED WIFE,
TO HAVE AND TO HOLD,
FROM THIS DAY FORWARD,
FOR BETTER OR WORSE,
IN SICKNESS AND IN HEALTH,
TO LOVE AND CHERISH,
till death do us part.
(sniffles and laughs)
(minister) Noelle?
OH...
IT GETS ME EVERY TIME.
I DON'T KNOW WHY.
YOU KNOW? I KNOW THE WORDS
LIKE THE BACK OF MY HAND,
BUT SOMEHOW...
I DON'T KNOW, THEY JUST
GET MORE MAGICAL,
YOU KNOW, EVERY TIME
I HEAR THEM.
THAT'S HOW I FEEL
ABOUT YOU.
WHAT, THAT MY WORDS GET
MORE MAGICAL? (chuckles)
NO.
YOU DO.
(Noelle)
...to love and cherish...
IT'S CRAZY, RIGHT?
till death do us part.
NO, I JUST--
YEAH, SORRY TO INTERRUPT.
I WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW
JAMIE'S ON HIS WAY DOWN.
THANK YOU.
(radio chatter)
JAMESON WARD?
I'M OFFICER MCNALLY.
THIS IS OFFICER COLLINS.
CAN YOU TELL US WHERE YOU
WERE THIS MORNING,
APPROXIMATELY 10:30 A.M.?
WHAT'S THIS ABOUT?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WELL, THERE WAS A BUS ROBBERY
AT THAT TIME.
WE GOT REASON TO BELIEVE--
NO. JUST--
WE JUST WANT TO TALK
TO YOU FOR A FEW MORE MINUTES.
COME ON, COME BACK DOWN HERE!
(sighs) JAMESON WARD,
YOU ARE UNDER ARREST
FOR... EVADING ARREST.
THAT'S A GOOD ONE.
I DON'T KNOW.
(stammers)
SO WHAT DO YOU THINK?
I MEAN, WHERE'S HE
GONNA GO, RIGHT?
DO YOU WANNA GO AFTER HIM?
'CAUSE I'M GAME IF YOU WANT TO.
NO. WHAT'S THE POINT?
THERE'S NO RUSH.
(reverse signal beeping,
radio static)
1504, WE GOT EYES ON
THE SUSPECT IN THE BUS ROBBERY.
HE'S, UH...
HE'S CLIMBED 70 FEET
UP THE TOWER.
WE COULD USE A LITTLE
BACKUP.
(radio static)
(woman) Copy, 1504.
SO WHAT DO WE DO NOW?
I DON'T KNOW.
(scoffs)
IT'S CRAZY, RIGHT?
THAT'S WHAT YOU SAID.
I GUESS THAT'S UP TO YOU.
(breathes sharply)
(laughter)
AH! IT'S THE FIRST DANCE!
(Jill Barber)
* LONG AS THIS WORLD
GO AHEAD.
(cheering)
(man) FRANKIE AND NOELLE!
* KEEPS SPINNIN' AROUND
MR. AND MRS.!
* I'LL KEEP HOLDING ON
* TO THIS LOVE
THAT I FOUND *
* I WON'T LET GO
(laughter)
OH-HO-HO! OH!
I'M GONNA GET ANOTHER DRINK.
DO YOU WANT ONE?
YEAH, PLEASE.
* AND I WILL NEVER,
EVER QUIT LOVING YOU *
IT'S NOT TOO LATE.
WE HAVEN'T CONSUMMATED
THE UNION.
YOU COULD RUN OUT THE DOOR,
ANNUL THE MARRIAGE.
THEN LET'S DO IT RIGHT NOW.
WHAT?
CONSUMMATE THE UNION.
(both laugh)
MAYBE WE SHOULD FINISH
THE SONG.
I THINK WE'D HAVE
A GOOD TIME, THOUGH.
(laughing)
I THINK SO, TOO.
COME JOIN US.
PLEASE.
GET OUT THERE.
WANNA GO OUT THERE?
I DON'T REALLY
CARE TO DANCE.
AH, COME ON, YOU NEED IT.
* FEELING BLUE
* THATﬂI EVE-R- NEVER
* EVER QUIT LOVING YOU
(both laugh)
HEY, UH... THEY LOOK
GREAT, HUH?
**
HERE YOU GO.
THANKS.
I DON'T WANT TO INTERRUPT.
I'M JUST GONNA--
I'M GONNA HEAD OUT.
WHAT?
UM... WAIT.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
MM...
I JUST THINK YOU HAVE
SOME THINGS TO FIGURE OUT,
I'M JUST GONNA GRAB A CAB.
I'M JUST--
NO HARD FEELINGS.
NO, NO, NO--
NO HARD FEELINGS,
BUT I DON'T.
I HAVE NOTHING TO FIGURE OUT.
THE--THE ONLY THING
THAT I HAVE TO FIGURE OUT
IS HOW I GET THE MOST
BEAUTIFUL WOMAN IN THIS ROOM
TO DANCE WITH ME.
(chuckles)
YOU KNOW, I--
IT'S BEEN A WHILE.
A GOOD, LONG WHILE,
BUT I DANCE ALL THE TIME
WITH MY GIRLS, AND I DON'T
KNOW IF YOU KNOW THIS,
BUT ONE DIRECT ION--THEY JUST
DROPPED A NEW RECORD,
AND I KNOW IT
BACK TO FRONT.
(laughs)
YES.
YES!
WE'RE GONNA DANCE!
(laughs)
**
MMM!
(mouth full) OH, MY GOD!
YOU GOTTA TRY THIS.
WHAT IS IT?
SOME KIND OF CAKE LOLLIPOP.
IT'S AMAZING.
(smacks lips)
TRY IT.
SO? HUH?
(mouth full) KEEP 'EM COMING.
THAT'S GOOD.
KEEP 'EM COMING!
OH, YES. (laughing)
THAT'S GOOD.
MM-HMM. (laughing)
THERE YOU GO.
YOU KNOW THE BEST PART
ABOUT TONIGHT?
YOUR OUTFIT.
MAID OF HONOR IN RUNNING SHOES.
I KNOW. CLASSIC.
YOU DID GOOD.
SO DID YOU.
UM, SO WHAT WAS
THE BEST PART ABOUT TONIGHT?
HMM?
THE HEART-SHAPED BROWNIES.
WHERE?
COVERED IN GOLD LEAF.
THEY'VE BEEN COMING BY
EVERY FIVE MINUTES.
THERE SHE IS.
MMM.
(laughs)
DON'T MOVE. STAY HERE.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
OKAY.
("Dancing With Your Ghost"
Playing)
(Holly laughing)
UM...
SO IS IT STILL FUN
GETTING DRESSED?
(laughs)
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WELL, I MEAN, THAT'S
THE MOST FUN PART OF A DATE,
IS GETTING DRESSED.
I MEAN, HOW DOES IT WORK
IF TWO GIRLS ARE GETTING
DRESSED TOGETHER?
I DON'T KNOW.
HOW DOES IT WORK WITH A GUY?
I MEAN, IF YOU LIVE TOGETHER,
HE GETS DRESSED FIRST,
AND THEN YOU GET...
DRESSED.
IT'S VERY STUPID.
STUPID QUESTION.
(Chuckles)
WHAT ABOUT...
IF YOU WANT TO BORROW
A DRESS
OR SHOES OR CLOTHES?
I MEAN, IS THAT COOL? DO YOU
SHARE EACH OTHER'S THINGS?
I WOULDN'T SHARE
YOUR THINGS.
WHAT IS WRONG WITH MY THINGS?
NOTHING. THEY'RE JUST
NOT MY STYLE.
OH, NOT ENOUGH FLEECE FOR YOU,
HOLLY? NOT ENOUGH BACKPACKS?
YOU ARE INSANE.
YOU KNOW THAT, RIGHT?
I'M GONNA TAKE THIS WITH ME,
IF YOU DON'T MIND.
PLENTY MORE OUT THERE.
SORRY. WH--
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
DANCING.
I KINDA NEED
TO GET IT OUT OF MY SYSTEM.
THANKS. THAT WAS FUN.
PLUS-ONE FOREVER.
* ALL OF THE FACES
* OF THE OTHER PEOPLE
STARING BACK AT ME *
THANK YOU, PAL.
HELP YOURSELF.
NICE SUIT.
OH...
ONE MORE, PLEASE.
THAN KS, MAN.
(laughs)
THIS IS THE FIRST DATE
I'VE HAD IN TWO DECADES.
YOU KNOW? IT TAKES
THE EDGE OFF A LITTLE BIT.
YEAH? ARE YOU--
ARE YOU HAPPY?
I AM. I AM HAPPY.
I AM HAPPY. I AM HAPPY.
ARE YOU HAPPY, MY FRIEND?
YEAH... I'M TRYING.
OKAY, WELL...
DON'T MISS
YOUR CHANCE, PAL.
**
UH, NICK...
I THINK I JUST NEED
A LITTLE BIT OF TIME.
IT'S OKAY.
I'M NOT GOING ANYWHERE.
* SAID I'M DANCING
I GOT ALL THE TIME
IN THE WORLD.
* SAID I'M DANCING
WITH YOUR GHOST, OOH, YEAH *
OKAY.
THANK YOU.
* CAN'T KEEP HIM AWAY
FROM ME *